times
world_rank - world rank for the university. Contains rank ranges and equal ranks (eg. =94 and 201-250).
university_name - name of university.
country - country of each university.
teaching - university score for teaching (the learning environment).
international - university score international outlook (staff, students, research).
research - university score for research (volume, income and reputation).
citations - university score for citations (research influence).
income - university score for industry income (knowledge transfer).
total_score - total score for university, used to determine rank.
num_students - number of students at the university.
student_staff_ratio - Number of students divided by number of staff.
international_students - Percentage of students who are international.
female_male_ratio - Female student to Male student ratio.
year - year of the ranking (2011 to 2016 included).

shanghai
world_rank - world rank for university. Contains rank ranges and equal ranks (eg. 101-152).
university_name - name of university.
national_rank - rank of university within its country.
total_score - total score, used to determine rank.
alumni - Alumni Score, based on the number of alumni of an institution winning nobel prizes and fields medals.
award - Award Score, based on the number of staff of an institution winning Nobel Prizes in Physics, Chemistry, Medicine, and Economics and Fields Medals in Mathematics.
hici - HiCi Score, based on the number of Highly Cited Researchers selected by Thomson Reuters.
ns - N&S Score, based on the number of papers published in Nature and Science.
pub - PUB Score, based on total number of papers indexed in the Science Citation Index-Expanded and Social Science Citation Index.
pcp - PCP Score, the weighted scores of the above five indicators divided by the number of full time academic staff.
year - year of ranking (2005 to 2015).

cwur
world_rank - world rank for university.
university_name - name of university.
country - country of each university.
national_rank - rank of university within its country.
quality_of_education - rank for quality of education.
alumni_employment - rank for alumni employment.
quality_of_faculty - rank for quality of faculty.
publications - rank for publications.
influence - rank for influence.
citations - rank for citations.
broad_impact - rank for broad impact (only available for 2014 and 2015)
patents - rank for patents.
score - total score, used for determining world rank.
year - year of ranking (2012 to 2015).